README.md, before:

![pywhatkit](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90663569/224246207-cb1d63ea-ac1d-4899-968c-2c0d9d5332ce.jpg)

# Introduction to PyWhatkit Library

PyWhatKit is a Python library with various helpful features. It's easy-to-use and does not require you to do any additional setup. Currently, it is one of the most popular library for WhatsApp and YouTube automation. New updates are released frequently with new features and bug fixes.

## Installation

```pip
pip install pywhatkit
```

Note : PyWhatKit officially supports Python 3.8+

## Documentation

Please refer to [this link](https://pypi.org/project/pywhatkit/) to see the complete documentation

# How to run

1. Login onto your whatsapp account in whatsapp.web

2. Clone the repository

```git
git clone https://github.com/daudhiyaa/whatsautomation.git
```

3. Install pywhatkit library

4. Configure these variables depending on your needs

```
- list_name
- list_number
- img
- msg
```

5. Run the program

```py
python main.py
# or
python3 main.py
```

Commit message:

fix: method to get wa_number & recipients

README.md, after:

![pywhatkit](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90663569/224246207-cb1d63ea-ac1d-4899-968c-2c0d9d5332ce.jpg)

# Introduction to PyWhatkit Library

PyWhatKit is a Python library with various helpful features. It's easy-to-use and does not require you to do any additional setup. Currently, it is one of the most popular library for WhatsApp and YouTube automation. New updates are released frequently with new features and bug fixes.

## Installation

```pip
pip install pywhatkit
```

Note : PyWhatKit officially supports Python 3.8+

## Documentation

Please refer to [this link](https://pypi.org/project/pywhatkit/) to see the complete documentation

# How to run

1. Login onto your whatsapp account in whatsapp.web

2. Clone the repository

   ```git
   git clone https://github.com/daudhiyaa/whatsautomation.git
   ```

3. Install pywhatkit library

4. To add recipients & their numbers, you can add it in `.txt` file depending on usage (`recipients.txt` for recipients name, `wa_number.txt` for their whatsapp number)

5. Configure these variables: `img` & `msg`, depending on your needs

6. Run the program

   ```py
   python main.py
   ```

   or

   ```py
   python3 main.py
   ```
